Long time no come
So many leaves
Your dad used to be the cleanest
He will be unhappy again if he knows this.
A Yan
Our daughter was found
Look how beautiful she is.
Are your eyes particularly like yours?
Dad, I came to see you
Mom, how long are you going to stay when you come back this time?
Can't go after that?
See what you mean
Don't want to see me
No, it's not.
I missed you so much!
I won't leave this time when I come back.
My age has stabilized and I don't need me anymore
I haven't been by your side since I was a child
This time I want to spend more time with you
Get to know you better
OK
So, what do you feel like having for dinner tonight?
Mom cooks, then I want to eat braised ribs
Braised pork trotters with sauce
Roast chicken, bacon and pine flower belly
Hahaha good
Just eat this
Let's go!
Go home and cook. Let's go